ray-packages v2.1.0 (#78)
conda-forge/ray-packages-feedstock: ray-patching.md

# How to deal with patches in this feedstock/recipe/

### Background
This feedstock needs to permanently carry patches, because
some of the things we need to adapt for the infrastructure of
conda-forge are not necessarily suitable for integration in
upstream ray

### Default Workflow

The main reason for touching these patches is of course when ray
releases a new version and the patches (may) fail to apply cleanly.

The default workflow is to keep a source-checkout of ray with a branch
containing the necessary patches for conda-forge. Once ray releases a new
version, it's (more or less) simply a matter or rebasing that branch and
and fixing the conflicts.

> Initial setup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initial setup:
- git clone https://github.com/ray-project/ray
- cd ray
```

Reviewer 2: Done, thx

and fixing the conflicts.

Initial setup:
* `git clone https://github.com/ray-project/ray`
* `cd ray`
* `git tag --list`
* `git checkout tags/ray-<old_version>`
* `git checkout -b conda`
* apply all the patches from the current feedstock (which are known to be good);
  since they're sorted in the `patches/` folder, you can even use `xargs`, e.g.
```sh
ls -d ../path/to/feedstock/recipe/patches/ | xargs git am
```

Rebase to new version or ray:
* `git rebase -i tags/ray-<new_version>` (the `-i` is optional, but you can
  use it to drop patches that you know where upstreamed even if git doesn't auto-recognize them)
* Fix eventual conflicts, taking care to keep the original patch attribution
  (if you make substantial changes, add a `Co-Authored-By: ...`)
  * I.e. if git tells you it couldn't apply commit `deadbeef`, then, after fixing the conflicts, do
  * `git add .`
  * `git show deadbeef`
  * `git commit --date="<date_of_deadbeef>" --author="<author_of_deadbeef>"` (commit message is kept as-is automatically while rebasing)
  * `git rebase --continue`
* `git format-patch tags/ray-<new_version>`
* copy resulting patches over to recipe and update `meta.yaml`

> * remove all other patches in the `patches`  folder

Reviewer 2: Yes, this is what I mean. But feel free to improve the formulation... :)

> * copy resulting patches over to recipe and update `meta.yaml`
> * remove all other patches in the `patches`  folder

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* remove all patches in the `patches`  folder
* copy patches produced by `git format-patch` over to recipe and update `meta.yaml`
```
maybe smth like this?

we check into the feedstock. For added fun, it may happen that upstream ray changes
their patches from version to version in ways that conflict with ours.

Since patch application within the ray build is done by bazel (and may be subject
to destructive options like `-pN`, which changes the file hierarchy level the
patches apply to), it's best - for single patches at least - to extend the
ray patch directly to suit our purposes. This makes it also much clearer (well...)
when reviewing the diff(-of-the-diff-of-the-diff) on the feedstock.

### Prepare sources
1. Get Ray repository (using Ray 2.1.0 for example)
```sh
git clone https://github.com/ray-project/ray.git
cd ray
git checkout -b ray-2.1.0-original ray-2.1.0
# apply recipe patches
git am /ray-packages-feedstock/recipe/patches/*
cd ..
```
2. Find out repository and version needed (see `ray/bazel/ray_deps_setup.bzl`), clone it and checkout (taking version 7.0.5 for example):
```sh
git clone  https://github.com/redis/redis
cd redis
git checkout -b 7.0.5-patched 7.0.5
```
3. Apply relevant upstream patches first (2.1.0 has only one patch) and commit them:
```sh

> patch -p1 < patch -p1 < ../ray/thirdparty/patches/redis-quiet.patch

Reviewer 3: I now forgot why the line is like this, why it has double `patch -p1` repeated?..

Reviewer 2: I don't know, the double `patch` was there before already, I just adapted it to the new upstream situation of requiring -p1 (which matches git's default as well)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
patch -p1 < ../ray/thirdparty/patches/redis-quiet.patch
```
this looks suspicially like a typo, we should probably fix that
